Well, I definitely have alot to learn still. 
Despite this project being in base html, css, and js I found myself struggling with the implementation of the carousel, search, and hamburger menu implementations.
I did import the Barlow font from google fonts, I believe that worked
I also applied the images that were missing except for:
The hamburger menu, which I had difficulty recognizing if it was given to me or if I had to implement one myself.
The TikTok icon seemed to be the same as the twitter icon, I'm not sure if that was my issue or if the image was incorrect.
In regards to the slideshow/carousel I currently lack the knowledge on how to create one without bootstrap and I was unsure if that was breaking the rules
so I did some digging to see if I could create one. After a few failed attempts I decided to break the problem down into banners at least so that some 
work was available, rather than show up empty handed.
social links were added to the footer, css was not applied due to time being spent on the larger items
footer hamburger menu, another knowledge check that I am unable to do without bootstrap at this time.
The search function would be the most difficult in my opinion, what I think I understood was when the search icon was clicked a searchbar should
which would then take a text imput and match it against in page section ids. this was an entirely novel task for me so I had prioritized the easier functions first.
other flaws on my end:
1 background pattern doesnt span the entire page vertically
2 it looks as though the content box for the main items doesnt expand past a ceritan point on microsoft edge but does on chrome
3 slide 2's inner text is on the wrong side (last thing I was working on before stopping to do write up)
4 im unsure of what exactly was meant by scalability with png format, if you are referring to being consistent in applying alt definitions then I believe I understood
but if something else was intended then I am unaware of what that means.
All in all, this was an interesting Challenge, pretty enlightening for myself. Im wondering if this was c# and I could use bootstrap if I would've accomplished more.
I hope that a bit of the grit I have despite being very new has shown through via accomplishing what I was able and hopefully catching everything I couldn't accomplish.
If I do not end up hitting the mark then I'd like to thank you for your time and the opportunity, it means a lot.
-Angel Campos
